c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\obj\Debug\AMessanger_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\obj\Debug\AMessanger_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\bin\Debug\AMessanger.exe.config
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\bin\Debug\AMessanger.exe
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\bin\Debug\AMessanger.pdb
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.dll
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.dll
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.xml
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.xml
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\obj\Debug\AMessanger.g.resources
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\obj\Debug\AMessanger.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\obj\Debug\AMessanger.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\obj\Debug\AMessanger.exe
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\obj\Debug\AMessanger.pdb
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\obj\Debug\Views\ShellView.baml
c:\users\neoxa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMessanger\AMessanger\obj\Debug\Views\ShellView.g.cs
